c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WheatherCitis\WheatherCitis\bin\Debug\WheatherCitis.exe.config
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WheatherCitis\WheatherCitis\bin\Debug\WheatherCitis.exe
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WheatherCitis\WheatherCitis\bin\Debug\WheatherCitis.pdb
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WheatherCitis\WheatherCitis\bin\Debug\Gamoya.Weather.Common.dll
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WheatherCitis\WheatherCitis\bin\Debug\Gamoya.Weather.Metwit.dll
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WheatherCitis\WheatherCitis\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WheatherCitis\WheatherCitis\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WheatherCitis\WheatherCitis\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WheatherCitis\WheatherCitis\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WheatherCitis\WheatherCitis\obj\Debug\WheatherCitis.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WheatherCitis\WheatherCitis\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WheatherCitis\WheatherCitis\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WheatherCitis\WheatherCitis\obj\Debug\WheatherCitis_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WheatherCitis\WheatherCitis\obj\Debug\WheatherCitis_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WheatherCitis\WheatherCitis\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WheatherCitis\WheatherCitis\obj\Debug\WheatherCitis.g.resources
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WheatherCitis\WheatherCitis\obj\Debug\WheatherCitis.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WheatherCitis\WheatherCitis\obj\Debug\WheatherCitis.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WheatherCitis\WheatherCitis\obj\Debug\WheatherCitis.exe
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WheatherCitis\WheatherCitis\obj\Debug\WheatherCitis.pdb
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WheatherCitis\WheatherCitis\obj\Debug\WeatherBlock.g.cs
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WheatherCitis\WheatherCitis\obj\Debug\WeatherBlock.baml
